good day gives nevus'm here to teach
You keep cereal because I'm
tired of seeing the world good ziliotto the
clubs tell you what you do that does it
actually does not help at all
First I'll save you 've already taken
the goal gave because the best training for
Me I'm being ally playing
africa an amount
the engineer kamke supporter go there in
facilities now half was in the
formation
this one in the training believe some
training because I'm all you
teach to read the game with one with 34 goals
33 in the middle
retracted and fixed
usually you have a type of
strong marking and play sim
this understanding
There, he sent you an old one.
I'm at the time the player
click here and manage
Then I 'll teach you below to speak down.
average high to low all of the
its players that are low today
and so it will reduce the sheet this scene
salary will have the expenses
I know the owner iso image on bass
traffic is you get a million
buy new players and always bridge
mobility the lawyer at the time of purchase
because there are few people in the
market needs a brand name in the
Physical sport is the best behavior
ramsey galera office than the team name
galacticos of timon foundation 2011
have to teach can be an adult without
volatile pouch in the position of the
now even in finances
stay
same back
is that you will agree with ours
category usually clasp a taste
much of the crisis offers better
buy for those who are in the series to be
that the contract here
ii varies a lot of dollars to try
to play all three in this field
2500 I stayed in mine
the hta is clear with a season hair
now league and not excluding me ships
to China and we will have access in
call and I'll close with a sponsor
forgot that detail
but you arrive and dress the radar page
I'll be tired to see where you are.
I saw youtube and taught how to do shit.
no one looked at me that are in series b
the lupi then but he said abraciclo
then we wanted to attack the galaxy of the
rudder 10
worth arm